hi think we're
live last couple days have been
exhausting
um going to do a couple very basic
things right
now going to look at a couple of one new
model at least do a couple small things
go to the gym come back go to early
Thanksgiving dinner we'll see if I have
any steam left in the evening but likely
just going to do a short stream today on
a
few pre-release
things there'll be a couple little
interesting bits with it at
uh yeah that's fine that was just some
debugging stuff we fixed that
separately this should be a cool model
um I'm trying to think if I want to
upload it as is or add some
graphics we'll start with the current
version
so we have rware weights
bin
model it's a cool little environment
policies are very reasonable here
right it's funny how they go around the
edges that's kind of a cool thing that
they
is there any reason to have them tinted
red like
this you already see them holding the
box
right I think I'll edit that one thing
and then we'll upload it
where's the
tint
color draw
[Music]
heck oh it's just
white
silly it was a weird uh inline
Turner okay so now this is perfect
bright I think it's fine
though we uh we're going to replace
these with assets anyways at some point
soon so think this is good for now
per thank you dispenser for this PR this
is a very nice little environment and I
you know I actually didn't think it
would look that cool when he showed me
it originally but the train policies
look really nice so
and it's a it's a pretty nice end
actually I'm happy with how this has
turned
the yeah so the sizing is wrong here
everything else is good sizing is
map
with okay what's demo
use map choice is
one so
tiny so this is width is going to be
640 height is going to be 74
work did it not hold
on what did I just
edit oh
I I don't even know how the [ __ ] I did
that
one so this is the
[Music]
TCG do
this this
then
perfect
puffers now I'm controlling the first
Puffer
go there's some small usability tweaks
that need to be done
here but you can totally play it it's
just the keys are not particularly
responsive uh I know how to fix that
though and this goes back
up we load box and then we release the
puffer and it goes and loads its own
boxes good job Spencer very good job I'm
trying to think if um I want to fix oops
camera
I want to fix uh
[Music]
one do I want to fix one small
thing yeah I think I ow Spencer uh a
little bit of work on stuff given all
the cool things he's done for this so
there's one little
trick which I did for his connect 4M as
well
um let me find
it okay so this is a neat trick you
do yeah you basically do something like
this
let me see how he has done
this okay so right here
right so let's just do not equal no
op then you step and
sleep but you always render
in fact I even have time. H in
there um and this should help because
then what we do is we
but now but how's it going to work if
it's at 60 FPS you might wonder
slow I think we wanted to
do 200
Ms okay so now what should
happen looks the same as before right
but I've stopped this puffer
instant uh this doesn't work because
hold
on this is not
great I think I have to just fix a
couple small things with this
stops the other
agents the
works oh yeah look all the puffer
stop that's weird isn't
it why all the puffers stop
I think they're just a few small bugs if
I do this
yeah we have to just make a couple
slight tweaks so the way I'm going to do
this
cuz down is I think pressed is like from
the last interval did you press it at
all types of things are
important like these types of things you
got to realize um when you're writing
something like this in C it's
ludicrously fast there should be like
lag should not be a term that exists so
if you have input lag it's just a coding
error that's what's happening
here okay so now here we have some
puffers they're wandering around very
nicely if I hold if I hold shift nothing
appears to
happen okay still have to be able to
take control of a puffer here
so this is this one needs to be down so
because this is your holding left
shift okay now let's see if this does
it okay look I have the puffer
do in tick is
zero if
tick per
12 is zero tick is going to be equal to
I think you have to repeat this thing is
the only the annoying uh the annoyance
here which is not
separate yeah let me load this in a
separate
[Music]
I don't know about you I think the
puffers are a little
fast they're just a little bit too
fast they look really cool like that
though a little bit
fast that's always fun when you get
those types of things
okay okay reasonable rate and I can stop
the puffer
individually um but I cannot control it
one stopped so let's see why that is
ah it's because this goes
here
is
if is key down left
shift
you
continue making a mess of this very
quickly
okay so I'm making a mess at this let me
just see what this is doing so every 12
ticks you pull action from the neural L
right yes and then you just
check yeah you check if you're holding
the key
then you don't overwrite
it
right okay this seems correct so why
can't I control the
agent ignore this egg fault that is my
system being weird it will not say
fault and I can tell you that because it
hold on stupid Camas Frozen I can tell
you it's not going to seg
B because the compiler would give me a
real warning so this was just like I
have weird system stuff going
on okay so when I hold down lshift
nothing happens to the
puffer um is still being controlled by
neural
actions yes so what we have to do
actually here
is we just
do Human Action
equals agent human like
this and then what we do
is if the key is down then we're just
going to overwrite the neural net
action it's going to equal to
human Human Action
cool and I messed
up what I messed
up it's got to be like a bracket or
something dumb right
expected this is some like dumb compiler
warning where I'm like missing a
fine
down
step uh am I just blind let me see now
this
closes oh wait hold
on yeah there is definitely something
here because this should not be
matched with this so This
goes ah here here it
is told you just dumb bracket
highlighting you can hear me like
tapping my
keys this is to make sure that it's
immediately going to register
movements well they'll be delayed but
they won't um it won't ever drop my key
presses now
I think you need down or pressed
actually in order to do it
and this one is actually a key press so
this one's
faults yeah this feels good to play so
basically I spent a little bit of effort
on this
okay so there's
actually there's a little bit of
subtlety left and right you want to just
be
pressed uh down so it doesn't like hold
the rotate
um it's so hard to like show this on
stream because it's really more of like
a how does it feel the control but just
spending a little bit of effort even
just making rlm which are primarily a
research tool relatively straight
forward for researchers to
control so you just tap it rotates
cleanly you can hold you can tap
it does sometimes go too cells when you
try to tap
one if you're not quick even if you are
quick
here I'd rather just have it be on press
if it's going to be this way cuz
otherwise I got to do some buffering
from yeah so this is just going to be
pure
scrips build ocean rware for
web
and where is that
copy I'll just do it again
cool now we reload
this we see
our nice rware game right
this that's fine though I think this is
good uh pressing escape does cause the
game to shut down is the one thing which
is needed for local but not really good
for
web I think it's fine push this for
JS great work for Spencer on the model
thank you for that
nice uh so you are free to play around
with that this is now
on this should now be live on puffer AI
giab uffer doai which is beta it'll be
on the main website afterwards
obviously uh you can play around with
this in Ocean and it should be if it's
not live
already yeah it is live there you go
I'll be back in a few minutes and use
the restroom do a couple quick things
and
then I don't know maybe we'll mess with
some environments maybe we'll work on
some release stuff answer some RL
questions uh back in a few and then I'll
be stream streaming for about another
hour uh this morning so be right back
there and don't let me forget to unmute
my mic when I come
I'm back but you can't tell because my
camera's
frozen now it's not
okay up to date on the Discord cool so
this environment is now on here we've
got 1 2 3 four five six seven M's with
baselines
attached go will be
eight I'm working on number nine it's
going okay BET's got 10 with Enduro plus
there's puffer tactics which we'll see
how uh Nathan does with the
baselines but that's going pretty
well I'm trying to think what I want to
do now I've got an
hour I
have
some let me see if I even want to show
this because this end is not yet
do yeah if I show it like this I can do
it
so 5.9
billion got this run going on my local
desktop that will be added as soon as I
finish it uh it looks like it is
going decently
decently been doing like a 100 billion
steps worth of experiments to get this
thing ready for
release uh I think we're just going to
chill for a bit and do a little bit of
work on those animations for the release
I want to cut together just like a quick
trailer this next coming week
of uh all the new environments just
going to put a few seconds of footage
from each
environment and some animations and
stuff so let's just do a little bit of
work on
that
um I got to figure out with this mug
it's like it's good but uh it does
interrupt my morning it sends you to the
restroom which
is good and
bad th000 calories in a mug is pretty
good
though
regardless so let's show this uh I
started working on this on stream
run.py this initial thing I've been
working on and this these little dots
are going to be a star count
Stars
[Music]
puer
uh I don't know why we have it this way
honestly this is really dumb the way I'm
doing
this let's do this is load
stars and then we're going to just
return time stamps and
stars I'm going put this down
here stars and you don't need this X and
Y
Bight yeah there's this weird thing with
you got to do in
code it's
fun okay so this still works as before
uh it's because of this so this is going
to be
T okay now this
works we got to draw the
rectangle
Source position
tint okay so this is going to be
source and know why it comes up with
this
stuff and it's going to be drawn
at why
right
cool got
five
texture
Source that's a vector position that's
fine
I don't know what it's been lately I've
been getting stuff done in my coding
sessions but I've had like very low
energy for actually talking about this
stuff okay this does work though which
is
nice
um just going to
do UPS
now puffer Y is a little harder because
I think we have to figure out the
index uh
TSX going to be
kind don't want to like
Smooth is there like a numpy
evaluate the Interpol so this is going
to
be uh list range 60 I think
perfect so we
star
perp very nice
we just
do and uh then we just draw the
puffer just draw the
right cool Spencer saw his thing
uploaded that's
cool see if he's going to get go
done be
good has been kicking ass on this stuff
he's been doing lots of good
these okay so obviously this was not
what I
yeah we should just do
like space z Max time
stamps 60
right yeah so this should
and I think that this one's going to be
substantially
larger I think this is 180 or
right so we got to now
do Min -
60 FPS should be
smooth be the
playback oh I'm running stuff in the
background my graphics card is getting
hammered yeah this looked way smoother
yesterday we're fine I forgot about that
my Graphics car is getting hammered in
the background yeah we're good
okay so now there's
that and there should be a star
somewhere on these sheets right
this a single purpose code I'm allowed
to just hack everything like
this it's like single
purpose not needing to be maintained
code
Max there we
[Music]
one
holy that's what just
oh I know what we'll
do we don't have to do any of
this if x greater than
puffer X
Factor yeah that looks way better so now
the puffer is like painting the Stars
pretty much right
now no not this is going to be
like this
there you
go and I think I need to scale the y a
little bit down
maybe or scale the Y up
pretty
good hold on a second
uh let me see do you have any
environments trained using selfplay
besides Moa I'd like to learn one but
MOA might be too complex so here's the
thing with selfplay and the majority of
my PhD use selfplay
um the main annoying thing about
selfplay
is in competitive environments it breaks
your
metrics because like let's say you're
doing go right now you need to compute
true scale and ELO because like you
can't go off of points or anything
because you're playing against
yourself so if you look we do have an
example script with ELO that's written
for the mobo but you could adapt to like
go or anything else um in
here but yeah the reason we've stayed
away from this is
specifically because of evaluations now
if you want something that's like kind
of in between where there are like kind
of competitive interaction
and there are lots of agents and it's
not that hard I would look at the snake
environment because in the snake
environment right you can cut off
opponents you know there is adversarial
adversarial play there but you can also
kind of just like ignore them and try to
like do your own
thing so that's probably what I would
look
at I will say that MOA trains in like
just a few
minutes uh the main thing with it is
just like yeah there's a lot of
complexity there and like how you get
more interesting strategies out of it
will be
harder and possibly require more
gameplay balance as
well we got lots of environments
though oh yeah the other fun one that
isn't done yet but uh we've been looking
for somebody to help finish it's really
not that hard I really like the uh the
robo code in either I'm going to I'm
probably just going to end up doing it
um when I get bored for a few days if
nobody else does it I'm surprised though
because like it's a really cool project
and usually people hop onto
these
yeah so this Robo code environment would
be like another really good one cuz it's
just like a One V one environment uh you
you play this tank here there we go so
I'm playing as this tank here you can
spin around you can like try to avoid
bullets and stuff I'm not playing it
very well at all here because my graphic
card is like bottlenecking my sample
rate since I have experiments running in
the
background but yeah there you go
something like
this there you go there I
won made him run himself out of ammo
also while I remember I forgot to add
somebody to the contributor page I
think yeah we'll do that later
check them out yeah sure he should be
decent
what do we think to make this thing
better for a a
okay this still
works
font might have to change it though this
is the silly rayad font
funny I pretty much like everything
rayon does like he just makes good
stuff I don't even know if he made this
font or if he got it from somewhere but
it's the default one and it's so
some I'll come up with something better
for this later
what if I do
this for
this progress looks like B's getting
some work done on
uro I'm here being
to ducking fish to duck
and do not eat the
puffer
bad in fact the puffer is very the
puffer is a very peaceful creature but
it will absolutely kill you if you try
to eat it because it is literally one of
the most poisonous things known to
man is one of the most poisonous things
known to
man that's why they're so happy it's
because nothing ever tries to eat them
because they're so
poisonous so they just get to swim
around like if you're snorkeling
apparently they will just like swim up
to you and look at you they do not care
because nothing tries to eat them ever
no eating the puffer
fish there's actually one of my favorite
things there's uh where is
it there's this guy that owns this
awesome
puffer
a dude that's so lame Nest is move to
the
Google that's so lame
that's so lame well he had live cam on
this specific puffer fish
before which is very
silly you got I should send that guy a
new camera so he puts the camera back up
that'd be cool
think this is a good end
screen I'm probably
get another
font that's
good so that is initial animation done
I think mostly done that's going to be
the end screen I think of the
trailer
uh and I think that the there might not
even be an open it might just be
a compilation of environment Clips with
like a banner at the top
thing I mean that didn't take much time
that took basically like an hour and a
half maybe 2 hours total of me [ __ ]
around between yesterday and today to
like get a decent little animation going
right like without any animation
packages or anything just with
rayb I think that's good
you can't get just the ttfs that you uh
you have from Adobe I
assume let me see if I can just find the
ttf here
the same font as before
right how you use
font ah yeah I have to do that's
annoying hold
uh that does work but looks terrible
okay let's just not do
it it's not going to make a difference
like let's not do let's just not do
things that really don't make a
difference you
know I'm just use the rayb
fine okay um I have hour and a half left
on this
run which I think is
fling
maybe hard to
say but in any event uh I got to wait
for hour and a half for that so I'm
going
to noon I'm going to go to the
gym get some exercise going to come
back Thanksgiving so I probably have to
I I think I have to go to early we're
doing a thing that early so I got to go
to that and then possibly we'll be back
in the evening debing some stuff might
be working on this other environment
though we'll see uh regardless I mean
this is this is a release setting at
this point
like very very small number of things
that actually need to be done for this
release it's been so so long in
development so if you want to try any of
this stuff out it is on the GitHub it's
all free and open source always been on
the grind I'm trying man it's uh it's
exhausting I'm doing a lot of exercise
lately just like kicking my ass with
that as well
um but yeah I if you uh you want to try
this stuff out it is on the Discord it's
on GitHub as
well I have some if you're trying to get
into RL I have some pretty
cool articles
here including new stuff for uh newcomer
RL and way more advanced things as
well uh I will be be streaming the
release process this coming week it's
going to be a little bit more like
having to write some articles and having
to do some you know reley type things um
but then after that we are going to come
back after a couple days off we're going
to come back with a lot of science side
stuff and it's really going to start
fixing reinforcement learning most stuff
over my head just a lowly Game Dev
obious well here's the funny thing about
that
right so if you look at all these
M these are all just
games they're games that are written in
very simple C that run really
fast and then we train RL on them and
the main thing here is just writing the
games in San C that runs fast instead of
being like most RL scientists who write
God awful python code that runs really
slow this is like the main thing I've
been doing lately with Puffer and this
is going to what going to be what lets
us fix the whole field by running
thousands and thousands of experiments
cuz these all run like million plus FPS
if you don't actually do pixels right um
yeah we got lots of new people that are
just like coming from random engineering
or game backgrounds making stuff like
this and they're fun because they run on
the web so you can share them around and
put neural Nets on the web as well
anyways thanks for dropping by I see you
around here quite quite often
I'm going to go get some exercise while
I'm still semicoherent
and uh you know